NONDISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT
IF YOU PRESSED THE "I AGREE" BUTTON, IN SHORT, YOU:
ACKNOWLEGE that you are not a video game developer;
AGREE to perform testing of Gaijin’s game titled War Thunder™, 
ACKNOWLEGE that you will be receiving certain confidential information about such game, AND AGREE not to disclose any such information (including, without limitation, game’s screenshots, screen captures, in-game videos, the existence of this agreement and the fact of your testing of the game) to third party, not to use it for your own benefit, and agree to protect it from disclosure,
AGREE to provide suggestions, comments or other feedback to Gaijin with respect to the game.  
AGREE that nothing in this agreement is intended to grant you any rights to any patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights except the limited right to use the game solely for evaluation and testing purposes.  

A member of CBT when signing up agrees that this is a preliminary early version of the planned release and that the game is likely to have errors and bugs. The test is also likely to have major changes implemented at frequent intervals.

A CBT member CAN NOT:
1. Publish any information concerning bugs, errors or flaws outside the dedicated CBT forum.
2. Publish negative remarks of certain self observed issues or about CBT in general (everything is subject to  change at this stage)

A CBT member CAN:

1. describe his positive and constructive impressions about the game features that are already implemented.
2. Publish video footage and screenshots that does not demonstrate in-game bugs or does not deliberatly  give a negative impression to the players. 
3. report in-game bugs within the special CBT Forum constructively
4. enjoy the game and have fun.

For this element of the game to be progressed quickly and efficiently, it is vitally important that you follow the above guidelines.

(this is the end of summary, full agreement follows)
THIS NONDISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT THAT SHOULD BE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY.


THIS NONDISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is hereby made and entered as of the date of acceptance of this Agreement by Disclosing Party, as defined below (the "Effective Date") by and between Gaijin Network Corporation, a corporation organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia ("Disclosing Party"), and you ("Reviewer" and together with Disclosing Party, the "Parties" and each, a "Party"). 
BEFORE YOU CLICK ON THE "I AGREE" BUTTON CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT. YOUR CLICK OF THE "I AGREE" BUTTON IS A SYMBOL OF YOUR SIGNATURE AND BY CLICKING ON THE "I AGREE" BUTTON, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS NONDISCLOSURE AND CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS ENFORCEABLE LIKE ANY WRITTEN NEGOTIATED AGREEMENT SIGNED BY YOU.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK THE "EXIT" BUTTON AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PARTICIPATE IN TESTING AND EVALUATING THIS GAME.  You may also receive a copy of this Agreement by contacting the Gaijin at: support@gaijinent.com.


WHEREAS, Reviewer desires and agrees to perform certain testing of Disclosing Party’s proprietary entertainment software ("Game") and agrees to receive confidential and/or proprietary Information from the Disclosing Party in connection thereto, as such terms defined below;




WHEREAS, the Disclosing Party is willing to disclose such information to Reviewer, in connection with the Game, subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement;


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and undertakings of the respective Parties, the Parties covenant and agree as follows:



1.Certain Definition. 
 
a)"Information" shall mean any information, products, software applications, document or other material of any nature relating to or concerning the Disclosing Party  or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries that is provided or made available to Reviewer by the Disclosing Party either directly or indirectly in any form whatsoever in connection with the Game, including in writing, orally, and machine readable, including, but not be limited to, correspondence, memoranda, notes, e-mails, formulas, samples, screenshots, screen captures, in-Game videos and clips, equipment, compilations, blueprints, business information, technical information, know-how, inventions, information regarding patents, patent applications, software, computer object or source code, algorithms, high-level structures, graphic user interfaces, ongoing research and development, business plans, business or marketing strategies or plans, products or product development, strategies or plans, information concerning current and future products and services, customers, suppliers, markets, price lists and pricing information, financial statements and forecasts, computerized or other magnetically filed data, methods and techniques, manufacturing processes, developments, inventions, designs, drawings, engineering specifications, hardware configuration information, trade secrets, financial information and any other business records and information, the use or disclosure of which might reasonably be construed to be contrary to the interests of the Disclosing Party.  Information shall include information of third parties subject to promises of confidentiality and which the Disclosing Party may share with Recipient. This Agreement applies to Information whether disclosed by the Disclosing Party either before or after the effective date of this Agreement and shall include all information relating to this Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, the fact that the Reviewer is a pre-release tester of the Game shall be deemed Confidential Information and maybe disclosed only upon the Disclosing Party’s written permission.

b)"Confidential Information" shall mean all non-public information included in the Information other than Information: (i) that is already in the possession of Reviewer before receipt from the Disclosing Party, (ii) is or becomes rightfully in the public domain with no fault of Reviewer; (iii) is received by Reviewer from a third party who or which is not under any obligation of confidentiality or restriction on use or disclosure concerning such information, or (iv) is disclosed under operation of law to the public or to a third party without a duty of confidentiality. The fact that the individual elements of Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information may be in the public domain shall not relieve the Reviewer of its/his obligations hereunder unless a specific combination or combinations of elements as disclosed in such Information is available to the public. If Reviewer asserts one of the four exceptions to Confidential Information above, then Reviewer shall prove such assertion by proper forms of documentary evidence.

c)"Developer" shall mean an individual or company that develops, designs, produces or funds the production of  video games or any other activity related to creating, distribution, or producing video games. 

d)"you" means the individual person installing or using the Game on his or her own behalf for purposes set forth in this Agreement.

2.No Disclosure or Use of Confidential Information.  Reviewer understands and agrees, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (i) to use the Confidential Information only for the purpose of evaluating and testing the Game, (ii) not to use any Confidential Information for Reviewer’s own commercial benefit or for any purpose except in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (iii) not disclose or permit disclosure of any of the Confidential Information to any third party without the Disclosing Party’s prior written consent.  Subject to any subsequent agreements between the Parties, Reviewer shall: 
a)not, and shall not attempt to, modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or emulate the functionality and/or create derivative works of any software or products of the Disclosing Party or its affiliates with respect to which Confidential Information is shared with Reviewer; 

b)not make copies, photocopies, facsimiles or other reproductions of any of the Game and/or Confidential Information; 

c)not remove any notice on or in any Information, including, without limitation, the Game of the Disclosing Party or remove any trademark, trade name, logo, or notice affixed to such  Information;

d)use Reviewer’s best efforts and take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of the Confidential Information and to avoid disclosure or use of the Confidential Information to prevent it from falling into the public domain or into the possession of persons other than those persons authorized hereunder to have such information;

e)immediately notify the Disclosing Party in writing of any misuse or misappropriation of Confidential Information including, without limitation, Game, which comes to Reviewer’s attention;

f)notify the Disclosing Party if disclosure of Confidential Information by Reviewer is necessary to comply with the requirements of any law, government order, regulation or legal process prior to such disclosure and at the Disclosing Party’s request use best efforts to seek an appropriate protective order in connection with such legal process and, if unsuccessful, to use best efforts to assure that confidential treatment will be granted to the disclosed Confidential Information; and

g)reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless the Disclosing Party and its affiliates, employees, investment bankers, legal counsel and other agents and representatives from any damage, loss or expense incurred as a result of the use of the Confidential Information by Reviewer and its representatives or other recipients contrary to the terms of this Agreement. 


3.Permitted Disclosure. Reviewer shall have the right to disclose the Confidential Information as required by virtue of any law or regulation provided that the Reviewer complies with requirements of Section 2(f) of this Agreement. 

4.Parties Warranties.  
a)The Disclosing Party makes no warranty with respect to the Information, including, without limitation, Game, including its freedom from claims of third party relating to infringements of patents, copyrights, or other intellectual property, shall not have any liability or responsibility for errors or omissions in Game and/or Information. 

b)The Reviewer hereby expressly warrants to the Disclosing Party that the Reviewer is not a Developer as such term is defined for purposes of this Agreement in Section 1(c).

5.No Rights Granted; Feedback. 

a)No Rights. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights to Reviewer, nor shall this Agreement grant Reviewer any rights in the Disclosing Party’s Game or Confidential Information, except the limited right to use the Game solely for evaluation and testing purposes.  The Disclosing Party remains the sole and exclusive owner of the Game and all Confidential Information.

b)Feedback. Reviewer shall upon Disclosing Party request provide suggestions, comments or other feedback to Disclosing Party with respect to the Game ("Feedback"). The Parties agree that all Feedback (i) shall be deemed a derivative work based on the Game and/or Information, (ii) shall be owned by Disclosing Party, and (iii) absent separate agreement, shall not create any confidentiality obligation for Disclosing Party. Disclosing Party shall be free to disclose and use such Feedback as it sees fit, entirely without obligation of any kind to Reviewer.


6.Remedies, Specific Performance and Injunctive Relief.  Each Party agrees that its obligations provided herein are necessary and reasonable in order to protect the Disclosing Party and its business.  Reviewer acknowledges that it will be impossible to fully measure in money the damage caused to the Disclosing Party by any failure to comply with, or any breach of, the material terms, promises, agreements, and conditions of this Agreement, and that such failure or breach will result in irreparable and continuing damage to the Disclosing Party, and that in the event of any such failure or breach, the Disclosing Party will not have an adequate remedy at law or in damages.  Therefore, Reviewer consents to the issuance of an injunction, a decree for specific performance, and/or the enforcement of other equitable remedies against it by the Disclosing Party (including monetary damages if appropriate), without bond or other security, to compel the performance of all of the material terms of this Agreement, and hereby waives the defense of the availability of adequate relief in damages.  If any action of law or equity is necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to its reasonable attorney’s fees, costs and disbursements in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.  If a dispute arises over what constitutes Confidential Information subject to this Agreement, Reviewer agrees to treat any information subject to such dispute (the "Disputed Information") as Confidential Information hereunder until such time as either the Parties can mutually agree or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined if the Disputed Information shall be Confidential Information, subject to the terms hereof.

7.Survival.  This Agreement shall terminate upon a ten (10) day notice of Disclosing Party delivered to Reviewer, provided that the commitments of each Party under Sections 1 – 6, 10 and 11 hereof with regard to the Information received prior to the termination of this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of the Agreement. 

8.Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and for the benefit of the Parties, their successors and assigns, provided that Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party may not be assigned or otherwise transferred or disseminated without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.  

9.No Waiver.  The Parties agree that no failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof and no provision of the Agreement will be considered waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the Party that benefits from the enforcement of such provision. In addition, a waiver of any breach or a failure to enforce any term or condition of the Agreement will not in any way affect, limit, or waive a Party’s rights under the Agreement at any time to enforce strict compliance thereafter with every term and condition of the Agreement.

10.Governing Law; Arbitration.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia applicable therein, without regard to the conflicts of laws and principles thereof.  This Agreement shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.  Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of the interpretation or application of the terms of this Agreement or any breach thereof shall, unless it is settled by direct negotiation, shall, on the written demand of either Party delivered to the other Party, be determined and settled by arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association in Washington, D.C.  Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the Parties and any arbitration decision and award may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section 10 shall prevent a Party from seeking or obtaining equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, whether before, during or after arbitration proceedings. 

11.Legal Expenses.  The prevailing party in any legal action, including arbitration, brought by one Party against the other and arising out of this Agreement shall be entitled, along with any other rights and remedies it may have, to reimbursement for its expenses, including court costs and reasonable attorney’s fees.

12.Notices.  All claims, instructions, consents, designations, notices, waivers, and other communications in connection with the Agreement ("Notifications") will be in writing.  Such Notifications will be deemed properly given (a) when received if delivered personally, (b) if delivered by facsimile transmission when the appropriate telecopy confirmation is received; (c) upon the receipt of the electronic transmission by the server of the recipient when transmitted by electronic mail, or (d) within three (3) days after deposit with an internationally recognized express delivery service, in each case when transmitted to a Party at the address or location indicated on the execution page.

Either Party may send any Notification hereunder to the intended recipient at the address set forth above using any other means (including personal delivery, expedited courier, messenger service, telecopy, telex, ordinary mail, or electronic communication), but no such notice, request, demand, claim, or other communication will be deemed to have been duly given unless and until it actually is received by the intended recipient.  Either Party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder are to be delivered by giving the other notice in the manner herein set forth.

13.Severability.  If this Agreement or any provision thereof is, or the transactions contemplated hereby are, found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, unenforceable for any reason or inconsistent or contrary to any valid applicable laws or official orders, rules and regulations, in whole or in part, the inconsistent or contrary provision of this Agreement shall be null and void and such laws, orders, rules and regulations shall control and, as so modified, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed as a waiver of any right to question or contest any such law, order, rule or regulation in any forum having jurisdiction.

14.Counterparts.  The Agreement may be executed by indicating the consent hereto, i.e. by pressing "I AGREE" button or otherwise, or may be separately executed by the Parties in two (2) or more counterparts and all such counterparts shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and will be binding on the Parties as if they had originally signed one copy of the Agreement.  Delivery of a copy of this Agreement or such other document bearing an original signature by facsimile transmission (whether directly from one facsimile device to another by means of a dial-up connection or whether mediated by the worldwide web), by electronic mail in "portable document format" (".pdf") form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature. 

